Miami Florida State Roleplay | Game Rules:
1. FRP
Fail Roleplay is simply when you are not following roleplay. It can be from completing actions that your character would not realistically be able to do. This is strictly prohibited on our server and is not tolerated at any costs.

2. RDM
Random Death Match (RDM) occurs when a player kills or attempts to kill another player for no apparent reason. Miami Florida State Roleplay does not tolerate this at any cost as it is also defined as FRP. RDMing will result in a warning or a kick.

3. VDM
Vehicle Death Match (VDM) is a bannable and kickable offense, for example you hit someone with your car without a valid reason.

4. NLR
New Life Rule (NLR) is a feature when a player is killed; upon a player's death. You cannot go and kill the same person in the area once the rp is over.

5. Roleplaying Crashes
Miami Florida State Roleplay has a rule where you have to roleplay all crashes above 20mph, you can simply say void to the other player you crashed in or rp it! Failure to rp crashes above 20mph will result in a warning or a kick.

6. Gun motion
Gun motion is the action of grabbing your gun since there is no animation for it built in into ER:LC. You do not need to use gun motion for pistols. Example: Unslings, grabs gun, pulls off rack, etc.

7. Suicide Rp/Rape rp/sexual activity rp
Suicide rp, rape rp, and any sexual activity rp is strictly prohibited in Roblox Tos along with NSRP rules. If you are caught doing any of these you will be permanently banned, or kicked (most likely banned).

8. Cuff rushing
Cuff rushing is when you use cuffs with lack of roleplay. For example, you are in a 10-80 and the suspect crashes, leaving their vehicle afterwards and engaging in a 10-70. They proceed to taze them then cuff them, you have to say -cuffs- when cuffing the person. Failure to do so will result in a verbal warning, or a warning.

9. Cop Baiting
Cop baiting is an act of getting the cops attention to be pulled over or chased. Acts of cop baiting include reckless driving, speeding, crashing, into another object, and or shooting at or near a cop.

10. Banned guns
The sniper, shotgun, and LMG, is banned for civilians. If you are caught using this, you will be asked to change your weapon. If you have already engaged in an rp where you used this gun, you will be kicked. If you are a booster you are able to use the shotgun on the LEO team along with the civilians. No other banned gun.

11. Exotics
You are not allowed to use exotics unless you are a server booster.

12. RP Perms
You must get permission from a moderator to kidnap, hostage, and do construction rp.

13. Fear RP
This rule makes it so if anybody has a gun aimed at you, you must comply, and act scared. If you are in a car, either way you still have to comply.

14. Cop baiting
You may not go around the map trying to get law enforcement to pull you over and or chase you.

15. Patrolling
You are not allowed to patrol as a Swat, FD, or Commander truck because It is very unrealistic.

16. Safezone Killing
Safezone killing is simply killing in a safezone. The safe zones are the Police station, Sheriff station, and civilian spawns.

17. Jurisdictions
Sheriffs stay in the county and police stay in the city. Park rangers are not allowed to leave High Rock Park. Miami Florida Highway Patrol patrols statewide but is preferred on the highway.

18. Interrupting Roleplays
You are not allowed to interrupt roleplays. Example: Pulling up to a Traffic stop and taking the officer or civilian hostage.

19. Whitelisted Departments
The current whitelisted department is Park Rangers, and Sparks Police Department. You can find the department links in our Information Channel.

20. Gang/Mafias
You are only allowed to have a max amount of 3 mafia members in your mafia. Any more will result in a punishment.

21. Auto Jailing
You are not allowed to auto jail. You have to rp, and transport the suspect to the Liberty County Jail.

22. Tow Rushing
As a DOT tow worker, you are not allowed to tow people's cars for no reason. You also need to rp towing someone's car.

23. Full Killing
Full killing is permitted, if there is no EMS online you are allowed to respawn, however if there is EMS online you must wait until EMS arrives.

24. Swat RP
You are allowed to roleplay as swat, however you must wait at the Police or Sheriff station until there is a big call. You are only allowed to leave Police or Sheriff station to fill up for gas.

25. Staff Liveries
Staff liveries are reserved for staff members only. You are not permitted on using staff liveries as they are only for staff members only. Using them will result in moderation.

26. Liveries/uniforms
Please use the liveries and uniforms we have to offer. You are not allowed use the liveries or uniforms P-R-C has to offer.

27. Power Gaming
You are not allowed to use an in-game mechanic, any external information, or a roleplay concept to favor their own character or story, and give them an unfair or unrealistic advantage.
Ex: You are shooting someone, and that user proceeds to run into a safe-zone.

28. GTA Driving
GTA Driving is reckless driving. GTA Driving can, and will result in moderation.

29. Realistic Avatars
You must have a realistic avatar at all times, anything unrealistic can and will result in moderation. An example of an unrealistic would be wearing a duck or cow avatar.

30. Undercover Cars
Undercover cars are whitelisted for the RENO and WCSO CID Department, you must apply in order to use the undercover cars.
